[Music]
well hi the theory of evolution rests on
the idea of mutation the gist being not
that we choose to evolve into what we
are today I mean who would choose love
handles and baldness but that multiple
mutations occurred and then those of us
with the most advantageous mutations
survived turns out those love handles
proved you can store fat which is
helpful in lean times scientists think
it took three and a half billion years
for us to evolve from single-celled
organisms into our present state if true
this means we are still mutating and
evolving today and we could potentially
evolve in any direction
maybe we'll develop flight or
transparency or get our attention spans
back but what if some of our older genes
re-emerged could we devolve into
something closer to an ape-like form of
every primates common ancestor what if
one morning we woke up looked in the
mirror and found the missing link
staring back at us it's not as
far-fetched as it sounds we only differ
from our cousins the chimpanzees in
about 2% of our genetic makeup so it
wouldn't take that many alterations to
bring us back into Apes shape it
wouldn't be all that bad even this
planet would be less concrete and more
greenery so far in the real world
wherever we humans have been we've cut
down trees to build homes furniture
tools you name it
useful stuff but also makes it kind of
hard to breathe plants put out oxygen
after all in any case since primates
spend a lot of their time in trees our
ape descendants would likely make
reforesting the planet a priority plus
the trees will provide them with
transportation as they swing from vines
and leap from tree to tree and where
they can't swing they'll fly in spacious
solar-powered gliders a will still be
humans just more ape-like
I mean we'll give up the conveniences of
Technology on that note the focus for
technology will likely be on solar power
since we'll be up in the trees right
under the Sun among those branches
you'll find Hut like office buildings
libraries schools malls restaurants with
imported exotic fruits and nuts not so
much meat and the cows are rejoicing
down below as our needs change so will
manufacturing we'll still need food but
shelter and clothing the once massive
clothing industry that drove the
industrial revolution with its mills and
factories will all but vanish after our
8 the evolution as most 8th will find
their natural fur coat suitable for
daily wear what little of the garment
industry survives will probably turn out
heavy coats and winter gear like for
research expeditions to the recovering
glaciers though most of us will probably
live where it's warm as for those who
don't their fur will be thicker their
stout bodies more cut out for the harsh
winters of their northern settlements
but while clothiers go completely bust
the fur accessory industry will explode
what's fur for if not to decorate
ribbons bows jewel-encrusted bobby pins
and fur clips not to mention all the fur
care products up tree salons will offer
specialized treatments for the fur on an
Apes whole body Brazilian Blowout perm
straightening not only limited to the
locks on your head in the future well we
won't need shirts
we may need twice as many shoes like us
eights can walk upright but prefer to
lumber along on all fours
this quadrupedal preference could give
rise to a new industry hand shoes and
matching sock gloves after a long day
the complaint will be oh my aching limbs
the massage industry will thrive but if
we're getting around on all fours
how will we hold stuff as we go about
our day to meet that demand hands-free
technology will probably become even
more popular than it is today
backpacks or headbands with extendable
robotic arms that work in synch with
your own limbs
thanks to attachable brain sensors since
we'll be spending most of our lives
outdoors the camping industry will morph
into something more like today's
household goods industry but a pished
descendants of today's cosplayers and
historical reenactors needn't fret
having returned to our natural habitat
romantic types will yearn for the great
indoors and go to City families can
spend a few days roughing it inside
ruins such as the Parthenon Versailles
and ye olde shopping mall where young
Apes of the future will trade tree
climbing and berry gathering for the
wonders of elevators and IRL shopping
and volunteer apes in period costumes
stocked the shelves and man the cash
register wait but how will we get paid
in this world what will money look like
eight versions of presidents on every
bill maybe Charlton Heston in a
loincloth remember that movie possibly
or more likely a barter system where you
might trade a haircut for 3.25 that's
three bananas and twenty-five berries
and there will always be a pee out to
get rich quick once the drift of our D
evolution become clear speculators will
invest in the banana market on the
common belief that apes Go Ape for
bananas like the great tulip mania of
the 1600s when tulip farms sprang up
everywhere speculators will plant
bananas wherever space is available
these investors will slip on the bananas
appeal the great banana bubble will
burst when it becomes clear that while
Apes do like bananas they like them at
exactly the same rate humans did when
supermarkets are flooded with bananas
prices will plummet and the banana stock
markets will collapse so yeah maybe I'll
cut back on the banana references the
Empire State Building will remain an
important historical landmark as such
apes will have to pass both a physical
exam an extensive background check
before obtaining the necessary
permits to climb the massive structure
getting selfies with fay wray will cost
extra you know what else will be big our
mouths as big as they need to be in fact
these days we have to get our extra
wisdom teeth removed since our jaws have
become too short over the years of
evolution but once we go back to our ape
form these once crowded teeth will have
plenty of room
so while dentistry will remain a safe
career orthodontists will probably
disappear if our mouths are larger will
this change our speech it's likely while
all Apes vocalize they have trouble with
pronunciation
the problem isn't cognitive Apes like
the famous Coco have mastered sign
language
today's Apes don't speak the way we do
because they have thinner tongues and
their larynx or vocal box is placed
differently than ours if we re-evaluate
body language our descendants will never
have to attend one of those product
parties where a friend of a friend
serves broken crackers and tries to sell
you soap or candles instead future Apes
will congregate at grooming parties for
free every sunrise apes gather and groom
each other
no stale cookies for them they eat the
bugs they pluck from one another's coats
today's Apes possess three times an
average man's strength
implying that our APIs descendants or
resentence will be much stronger than we
are this will have a significant impact
on what sports are popular say goodbye
to the ones that involve a lot of
running soccer baseball basketball if
we're going back to our eight bodies
then our legs and spines won't be so
good at walking or running though there
will probably be tree friendly
alternatives where the running is
replaced by swinging competitive-eating
will gain prominence while track and
field races give way to skyscraper
scaling and mountain climbing contest
traditionalists take hard because our
new ate form will triple our strength
even the gentlest missing link will snap
off any doorknob he attempts to turn
he'll barge through anyway
museums of the future will brim with
displays of these broken doorknobs along
with artifacts like broken DVD players
and tiny airline seats on the bright
side no ape will ever struggle to open a
jar of peanut butter will still be just
as social as we are today primates in
general live in groups the desire to
gather together and exchange stories
will continue as before while the
technology will change in unpredictable
ways the narratives themselves will
remain recognizable did you know that
some scholars insist that William
Shakespeare never wrote an original play
the same will be said of William
Shakespeare who reworking classics for a
new epic will bring forth titles like
Romeo and Juliet and the primate of
Venice some of our great works of art
will remain preserved in museums art
historians will recognize echoes of
master paintings from the human era in
great future works like the creation of
ape or the famous portrait ape with a
pearl banana well how would you imagine
this world let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend now here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left and right and
remember stay on the bright side of life